There is one command in which you can link your web server container with DB container to run the application. with linking it gives an error.
   docker run --links 
   E:g docker run -d --name=vote -p 5000:80 --links redis:redis voting-app


Docker Compose is a tool used to define and manage multi-container Docker applications. It allows you to configure your application services in a docker-compose.yml file, making it easier to deploy and manage complex applications.

Here are the main commands you can use with Docker Compose:

Common Docker Compose Commands
docker-compose up
Starts the containers defined in the docker-compose.yml file.
Flags:
-d: Run in detached mode (in the background).
--build: Build images before starting the containers.
--force-recreate: Recreate containers even if their configuration hasn’t changed.
--remove-orphans: Remove containers for services not defined in the Compose file.
docker-compose down
Stops and removes the containers, networks, and volumes created by docker-compose up.
Flags:
--volumes: Remove named volumes declared in the volumes section of the Compose file.
--remove-orphans: Remove containers for services not defined in the Compose file.
docker-compose ps
Lists the containers managed by the current docker-compose project.
Flags:
-q: Only display container IDs.
docker-compose build
Builds or rebuilds services defined in the docker-compose.yml file.
Flags:
--no-cache: Do not use cache when building the images.
--force-rm: Always remove intermediate containers.
docker-compose logs
Displays logs from the containers.
Flags:
-f: Follow log output.
--tail: Show a specific number of lines from the end of logs.
docker-compose exec
Executes a command in a running container.
Flags:
-d: Run the command in detached mode.
-it: Run the command in interactive mode.
docker-compose stop
Stops the running containers without removing them.
docker-compose start
Starts stopped services.
docker-compose restart
Restarts services.
docker-compose rm
Removes stopped service containers.
Flags:
-f: Force removal without confirmation.
-v: Remove associated volumes.
docker-compose pull
Pulls the latest images for the services defined in the docker-compose.yml.
docker-compose push
Pushes the service images to a registry.
docker-compose config
Validates and displays the Compose file.
Example Usage
To start your application with Docker Compose, you might run:


docker-compose up -d
To stop and remove all containers and networks, you could use:


docker-compose down --volumes



